c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\CortanaExtender.exe.config
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\CortanaExtender.exe
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\CortanaExtender.pdb
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\CortanaExtender.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\CortanaExtender_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\CortanaExtender_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\CortanaExtender.g.resources
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\CortanaExtender.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\CortanaExtender.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\CortanaExtender.exe
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\obj\Debug\CortanaExtender.pdb
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\InputSimulator.dll
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\InputSimulator.pdb
c:\users\chris_miramontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\InputSimulator.xml
C:\Users\Chris_Miramontes\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
C:\Users\Chris_Miramontes\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.WindowsRuntime.dll
C:\Users\Chris_Miramontes\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.xml
C:\Users\Chris_Miramontes\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CortanaExtender\CortanaExtender\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.WindowsRuntime.xml
